through you here do not compare us that
come with another good video tutorial if you saw
it is how to order another topic to
7 that will raise the issue of sas
that the good naruto to save the
theme is very easy that I made this link
which are those of the description of the video
Felix we read saying 1
and the loading guide will be offered and we give
in save but canceled because I already
I have
well we already created unloaders that
file err the right marquesita and
extract here
good when you see it as an extra
extracted folder downloads maybe from
masses that we are going to open we are going to
copy or cut its two elements that
I want to cut but let's start team
Dioscoro calce windows is like the
show folder is scary and there the
we stick
well, it seems to me that we would have done
this procedure
we go to a white station in the
Victory we will customize
and here is the fear good network I
only the voice click
and zeros and stable
it's my repair in the center
Look, some clarification is very complete
I did not do it, my friend did it
is the Brazilian theme of 2002 both the
Brazilian 2010
the link of your channel and if it's good web
good the monterrey
good here the theme with the button
start
paquito we greet him on the left to
that the image remains throughout the center
we have to change and this is
with the window and has German of those
What good friends I invite you to what happens
through my YouTube channel
if a little disappointed because let's say
for the 1600 seclusion of my videos of
my subjects and just 6 subscribers all
the time he used for that but
help that we have subscribers and for
that the channel has more good strength
friends is true because I hope that you
have liked and grace